KAMMA MOUNTAIN LTD.
==================

MINUTES OF A MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
----------------------------------------------
Saturday 09 December 2017

The second meeting of the Board of Directors Kamma Mountain Ltd. was held on Saturday 09 December 2017 at 7:00 pm EST at 414 Henry Street, Apartment 2, Brooklyn New York.


DIRECTORS PRESENT

Mark Ho-Kane, President
Doris Ho-Kane, Treasurer
Andrew Shuttleworth, Secretary*

*Attended remotely via videoconference.


CALL TO ORDER

The President called the meeting to order. The Secretary recorded the minutes. A quorum of the directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed.


PRIOR BUSINESS

As approved by the Board at their previous meeting, the President and Treasurer reported that a bank account had been opened in the name of the organization. It was additionally reported that the articles of incorporation had been filed.

The president reported that the tote design shown previously had been printed, and would be available for donations over $25.

A website for the organization was live, with commerce functionality enabled by Snipcart. Payments are handled by an integration with Stripe. The Stripe account is connected to the bank account.


NEW BUSINESS

The organization has registered for sales tax as a precautionary measure.

Sixteen copies of the book were sent to Buddhist Insights in Rockaway for their retreats.

Goals for the organization include setting up an accounting system, improving the website, and filing for taxes.

Work is currently being tracked in GitHub, using the new Projects Feature. At the moment, two projects present themselves: redesigning the email invoice template, and redesigning the cart itself.


REPORT BY THE TREASURER

Treasurer Doris Ho-Kane reported on current and future outreach efforts, expressing a need to reach out to people in a position to share with interested friends via word of mouth. This need is broader than just Buddhists. As a start to this effort, the Insight Meditation Society was contacted, although no response had yet been received.


ADJOUNRMENT

There being no further business to come before the Board, the meeting was adjourned at 7:30 pm EST.


These meetings are respectfully submitted to the record.

Andrew Shuttleworth
Secretary