KAMMA MOUNTAIN LTD.
==================

MINUTES OF A MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
----------------------------------------------
Saturday 17 March 2018

The third meeting of the Board of Directors Kamma Mountain Ltd. was held on Saturday 17 March 2018 at 12:00 pm EDT at 414 Henry Street, Apartment 2, Brooklyn New York.


DIRECTORS PRESENT

Mark Ho-Kane, President
Doris Ho-Kane, Treasurer
Andrew Shuttleworth, Secretary*

*Attended remotely via videoconference.


CALL TO ORDER

The President called the meeting to order. The Secretary recorded the minutes. A quorum of the directors was present, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed.


PRIOR BUSINESS

As discussed at the previous meeting, the President and Treasurer reported that a 990N tax form had been filed to report the organization's income for 2017.

An amendment was filed to the organization's articles of incorporation to include IRS-required tax-exempt language. After some back and forth with the IRS, this now needs to be resubmitted.

The President and Treasurer reported that they had filed the first quarterly sales tax on behalf of the organization, with no taxable sales yet.

The President and Treasurer reported that, after evaluating several paid accounting software platforms, they had elected to build a simple manual accounting system in Google Docs.


NEW BUSINESS

The President reported that he had reached out to a number of Buddhist and meditation retreat centers to offer copies of *A Swift Pair of Messengers*. Cloud Mountain Retreat Center in the state of Washington requested more copies after selling out their initial allotment, for a total of 44 copies. An outpost of the Theravada Dhamma Society of America in Austin Texas requested 15 copies.

A handful of individual orders and donations have been received as well. The organization was also a beneficiary of the PayPal Giving Fund.

The President reported that used books have been added to the website in the hope of gaining extra income to fund the next book. These books have been donated from the President's personal collection, and will be accounted for as an in-kind contribution.

The organization's post office box has been converted to a street address, enabling the articles of incorporation to be updated to remove the President and Treasurer's personal home address.


ADJOUNRMENT

There being no further business to come before the Board, the meeting was adjourned at 12:15 pm EDT.


These meetings are respectfully submitted to the record.

Andrew Shuttleworth
Secretary